At the demo at the beginning of this module, I already showed you
an email account that I had received the registration
confirmation email to, and clicked on that.
What I didn't show you is that I also have another server email
set up in it. It doesn't make any difference.
You could actually use the same email.
In fact, for one of the demos that I did,
I had used the same email account that I was sending the
application messages from, to also receive an email that I could
click the registration confirmation in.
Typically,
that obviously wouldn't be the same situation, but what I did want to show
you is that if you create Gmail accounts, and I'm not going to show you
how in this video to create Gmail accounts,
that's pretty simple, and you can figure that out without me having you
walk through the steps, but if you do use Gmail accounts,
you do need to make sure that you have this Less secure
app access turned on to allow it.
So right now, this is shut off, and this is what yours will look like by default.
To be real honest with you, this was very hard for me to find this setting.
I actually had to get an error message inside my application and
click on that error message to retrieve this.
So if you look at this URL, myaccount.google.com,
it even looks like it's a fake URL, like they're
trying to garner your information.
They're not. The /u stands for user, I'm assuming, and /5 is the
fifth Gmail account I have logged into on this box.
So if we look at the URLs I have here,
I have a mail/u/4, that is the fourth account on this machine,
and /5 is the fifth account on this machine.
I had to go in to the server account and turn on the
option to Allow less secure apps.
If you don't do this and you are using Gmail,
it will go ahead and block your messages, because it thinks somebody is
trying to spoof an account through your SMTP server.
You'll notice immediately when I switch this on also, I got an email
saying that I have allowed less secure apps for this email address.
So if you use Gmail to go ahead and set up some sample accounts on
this, and it's very easy to do, and I recommend it,
you just need the username and password that you've created this account with
to configure that SMTP, you will need to go to this URL and allow less secure
access, and just make sure it's the same URL, that you're logged into the
correct one. As I hover over here, you can see pluralsightbryanserver as the
email address that I have. Make sure you're in that correct app, and click to Allow less secure app apps.